snapshots is a new security and backup
tool in parallels desktop for mac that
bulletproof your virtual machine before
disaster strikes safeguard your data and
get your system backup up and skate with
a click of a button snapshot stays the
complete record of your parallels
virtual machine so in the event of a
system mishap you can roll your virtual
machine back to a previously saved state
with the operating system software and
all of your data intact your virtual
machine will be recovered in just a few
moments without needing to be taken
offline for a complete reinstallation of
windows and all your PC software enjoy
the freedom to browse the internet make
system changes or evaluate beta software
without risking the stability and
reliability of your windows virtual
machine additionally snapshots are
excellent for recovering your virtual
machine after system crash software
update virus spyware or any other system
error that compromises your virtual
machine for instance if a virus infects
your system you can conveniently return
your virtual machine to any previous
state before the virus was acquired
however be aware that this will remove
all system changes and data created
after the snapshot was taken you can
quickly and easily create snapshots of
your virtual machine even while it's
running creating a set of regularly
scheduled backups facilitates faster
recovery time of your virtual machine
when needed
with the snapshot manager conveniently
located in the parallels graphical user
interface you can view manage all of
your snapshots for a useful tree pain
that includes the data was created a
description and a screenshot of the
desktop from snapshot manager you can
review your set of snapshots and decide
if you want to go back to a previous
snapshot or delete a snapshot in an
unpredictable world the snapshots
feature increases the reliability of
your parallels virtual machine so you
can focus on more important things